# hello-world
First Project
My name is Alicia Johnson - I'm just getting started in the Git community. I begain my quest in tech as a young teenager in the audio production field midway through highschool. That lead to me getting my bachelors of arts in audio arts and acoustics at Columbia College Chicago in 2012. With the advent of home recording studios and my own personal growth and interest in electronics I became a communications electrician in 2016 through the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers Local 134 Chicago. 
A lot of my personal life is centered around building a closer relationship with God and learning more about how to live my life according to his plan. I'll be the first to admit I still have a lot of learning to do but the more I learn the more I realize that it's not about me and how much I know but about how God wants what's best for me and for me to understand mercy and love and how to treat people.  I can know the bible word for word inside and out, but if it causes me to love less, then it just means i care about sounding smart, and not about the lessons I get from it about how we should treat each other. That's what matters the most and I pray that one day I never have to regret the way I treated someone.
I'm also interested in learning how to use arduino boards, rasberry pi, and other new innovations to explore technology, build self propellsion airplanes, create home automation control systems, create systems to make worklife easier for electricians that are actually affordable and practical. 
At the forefront of this I want to create a better life for my friends family and those around me. Pretty much anyone I can reach I'd like to help in some way, be it helping with finding a job or training, finding common interest, or just being a shoulder.
Unfortunately, yet fortunately, I've learned through a few recent experiences how to have boundaries, and tap a little more into the people I let surround me, and associate myself with. I always have to look at the way they treat other people and use that as a basis to make character judgements.
I also learned a lot about selflessness through my mother. She suffers from a lot of pain diseases and live through pain everyday and yet she stil puts me first. It brings tears to my eyes knowing the sacrifices she makes and the fact that regardless of how she feels she will do whatever it takes not just to make sure that i am ok, but to ensure that I thrive, that i feel wonderful, that i sleep comfortably and warm, that i wake up to a house with running water, and as simple as it may seem, I grew up in a smoke free and alcohol free house. It may seem strange to point out but its a privelege that most cant say that they have because even though i went through my rebellious stage as a teen, to this day I still havent smoke or drank since i was a teenager. 
